# Learn CoPilot

This project allows users to learn from documents using LLMs built on Langchain and StreamLit. Users can use open source or local models to chat with documents and ask questions about them. The answers are generated by the model and can be used to learn about the document. Features are listed below.

## Features

- Chat with documents: You can ask specific questions about the document and the model will answer them using only the information in the document as context. Documents are organized as subjects. You can choose the subject you want to learn about and the model will answer your questions about it.
- Free chat with LLMs: You can ask open-ended questions to the model and it will answer them using the information it has learned from its training.

## Usage

- Create Python environment
- Install packages: pip install -r requirements.ini
- Create an environment file `.env` and add `OPENAI_API_KEY=#############################`
- Use the script `add_library.py to add new documents to your library.
- Create `config/params.json` to store information about your library. See example in `config/params_example.json`
- Start the app with `streamlit run main.py`

## Run with Docker

A [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) is provided to run the app in a container. A [Makefile](Makefile) is also provided to ensure simple installation steps. You only need to run the following commands. To build the image, run:

```bash
make build
```

To run the container, run:

```bash
make run
```

To stop the container, run:

```bash
make stop
```

To remove the container and docker image, run:

```bash
make clean
```

## TODOs

- [X] Chat with document
- [X] Easy setup, [with Docker](https://docs.streamlit.io/knowledge-base/tutorials/deploy/docker) and [Make](https://makefiletutorial.com/).
- [ ] Provide two modes: retriever and explainer. Retriever mode will use the document as a prompt to give a more accurate response and explainer mode will use the document as a context to give a simpler explanation.
- [ ] Show references to document
- [ ] Choose between offline and cloud models
- [ ] Make answers more elaborated with examples
- [ ] Database of students' progress
- [ ] Enable [more complex prompts](https://python.langchain.com/docs/modules/model_io/prompts/prompt_templates/few_shot_examples_chat)
- [ ] Create learning assessments for topics in the document
- [ ] Minimal UI with streamlit
